c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.exe.config
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.XML
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.exe
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.pdb
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Akka.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Akka.FSharp.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.PowerPack.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FsPickler.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Akka.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Akka.FSharp.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.PowerPack.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FsPickler.pdb
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FsPickler.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\obj\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.exe
c:\users\cnicolau\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EventStoreFeedBrowser\EventStoreFeedBrowser\obj\Debug\EventStoreFeedBrowser.pdb
